## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com

Integrative Medicine &amp; Total Wellness | Wiseman Family Practice Skip to content About Us About Us Our Philosophy Our Providers Patient Reviews Services Integrative Family Medicine Integrative Pediatrics Women’s Health Concierge Medicine Direct Primary Care Functional Medicine Acupuncture &#038; Herbal Medicine Health Products Store Supplement Therapy Mind &#038; Body Telemedicine Sauna Therapy Holistic Health Coaching Diet &#038; Nutrition Medical Weight Loss Midwifery Bioidentical Hormone Replacement Hypothyroidism Treatment Homeopathy Allergy Treatment Education Preventive 10: Ten Lifestyle Strategies for Better Health Cold and Flu: Prevention and Natural Therapies Wiseman Health Articles &#038; Videos Insurance Contact Us Pay Your Bill New Patients Patient Portal Health Store Book Appointment Locations Our Philosophy Founded in 1978, Wiseman Family Practice is a family-owned, integrative family medicine and wellness company. Our primary goal is to provide health education in order to prevent disease. We believe the core problem with many of today’s health issues lies in inflammation caused by poor nutrition, stress, and toxins the body accumulates from unhealthy food, water, the environment, and other lifestyle choices. We seek to address these problems so the body can function and heal optimally. In order to accomplish this goal, we practice integrative medicine, meaning we use both alternative and conventional approaches to medicine that are evidence based. We offer primary and preventive family medicine care to the whole family, including pediatrics, women&#8217;s health, concierge medicine &amp; direct primary care, acupuncture &amp; herbal medicine, mind &amp; body therapies, supplement therapy, telemedicine, functional medicine, bioidentical hormone replacement &amp; hypothyroid treatment, medical weight loss, holistic health coaching, medical nutrition, and homeopathy. When treating patients, our objective is to treat the whole person and to understand the root cause of disease. We consistently use lifestyle modifications or natural, more holistic therapies when possible. Our goal is to always use the most effective and least invasive medical treatments. The current model of medicine and many of today’s medical interventions are not always optimal in regards to safety and efficacy for our long-term health. We take pride in protecting our patients from this current trend in medicine, and we will continue to work hard to educate ourselves and our patients so that we can all achieve total wellness. Latest Wiseman Health Education Preventive 10: Ten Lifestyle Strategies for Better Health Wiseman Health Videos What Is High-Intensity Interval Training? Healthy &amp; Safe Cookware: Your Essential Guide The Health Benefits of Gratitude Natural Ways to Beat the Winter Blues and Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) Energy Drinks: Their Health Risks and What to Drink Instead The Power of Walking Meditation Whole, Low-Fat, or Skim Milk: What’s the

---

## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com/about/

About Nurse Practitioners | Integrative Medicine &amp; Total Wellness | Wiseman Family Practice Skip to content About Us About Us Our Philosophy Our Providers Patient Reviews Services Integrative Family Medicine Integrative Pediatrics Women’s Health Concierge Medicine Direct Primary Care Functional Medicine Acupuncture &#038; Herbal Medicine Health Products Store Supplement Therapy Mind &#038; Body Telemedicine Sauna Therapy Holistic Health Coaching Diet &#038; Nutrition Medical Weight Loss Midwifery Bioidentical Hormone Replacement Hypothyroidism Treatment Homeopathy Allergy Treatment Education Preventive 10: Ten Lifestyle Strategies for Better Health Cold and Flu: Prevention and Natural Therapies Wiseman Health Articles &#038; Videos Insurance Contact Us Pay Your Bill New Patients Patient Portal Health Store Book Appointment Locations About Nurse Practitioners Nurse Practitioners are advanced practice registered nurses who are prepared, through extensive education and clinical training, to provide a wide range of preventive and acute health care services to individuals of all ages. Nurse Practitioners complete graduate-level education preparation leading to a master’s degree, followed by post-graduate certification in their specialty area such as Adult Health, Family, Pediatrics, Acute Care, Women’s Health, Geriatrics, and others. Nurse Practitioners take health histories and provide complete physical examinations, diagnose and treat many common acute and chronic problems, interpret laboratory results and x–rays, prescribe and manage medications and other therapies, provide health teaching and supportive counseling with an emphasis on prevention of illness and health maintenance, and refer patients to other health professionals as needed. Copyright © 2026 Wiseman Family Practice | Privacy Policy | Notice of Privacy Practices Follow Us for Trusted Natural Health and Medical Information

---

## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com/services/

Medical Services | Wiseman Family Practice Skip to content About Us About Us Our Philosophy Our Providers Patient Reviews Services Integrative Family Medicine Integrative Pediatrics Women’s Health Concierge Medicine Direct Primary Care Functional Medicine Acupuncture &#038; Herbal Medicine Health Products Store Supplement Therapy Mind &#038; Body Telemedicine Sauna Therapy Holistic Health Coaching Diet &#038; Nutrition Medical Weight Loss Midwifery Bioidentical Hormone Replacement Hypothyroidism Treatment Homeopathy Allergy Treatment Education Preventive 10: Ten Lifestyle Strategies for Better Health Cold and Flu: Prevention and Natural Therapies Wiseman Health Articles &#038; Videos Insurance Contact Us Pay Your Bill New Patients Patient Portal Health Store Book Appointment Locations Integrative Family Medicine Leave seeing multiple doctors behind and have all your individual and family’s healthcare needs taken care of by one company, one that is dedicated to empowering you and your family with natural preventive health care strategies and a root cause approach to medical care. Integrative Family Medicine Integrative Pediatrics We see the whole family including children and take an integrative approach to pediatrics. Pediatrics Women&#8217;s Health At Wiseman Family Practice we see the whole family, including children. We also have extensive experience with the gynecological and hormonal needs of our female patients and provide comprehensive women’s healthcare. Women&#8217;s Health Concierge Medicine With our concierge model you can receive more personalized services that are not covered by your insurance plan along with easier, more direct access to your medical provider. Concierge Medicine Direct Primary Care Like our concierge services, our direct primary care model offers more personalized services that are not covered by your insurance plan along with easier, more direct access to your medical provider. Direct Primary Care Functional Medicine While other practices tend to focus solely on the disease and the symptoms of a patient, we focus on the patient’s whole being using Functional Medicine approaches. Functional Medicine Acupuncture &amp; Herbal Medicine We offer traditional acupuncture &amp; herbal medicine services and accept most insurances. Acupuncture &amp; Herbal Medicine Health Products Store Visit our Wiseman Health Products store for our natural supplement line and other health products. Health Products Store Supplement Therapy Along with natural sustainable lifestyle approaches, we use supplement therapy when possible for disease prevention and to get to the root cause of medical issues, which can help patients avoid unnecessary medications and referrals. Supplement Therapy Mind &amp; Body We offer services that connect both the mind and body and promote total long term wellness for our patients. Mind &amp; Body Telemedicine Telemedicine appointments provide convenient access to our primary and preventive healthcare model with 

---

## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com/team/

ERROR: HTTP Error 404: Not Found

---

## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com/new-patients/

New Patients | Integrative Medicine &amp; Total Wellness | Wiseman Family Practice Skip to content About Us About Us Our Philosophy Our Providers Patient Reviews Services Integrative Family Medicine Integrative Pediatrics Women’s Health Concierge Medicine Direct Primary Care Functional Medicine Acupuncture &#038; Herbal Medicine Health Products Store Supplement Therapy Mind &#038; Body Telemedicine Sauna Therapy Holistic Health Coaching Diet &#038; Nutrition Medical Weight Loss Midwifery Bioidentical Hormone Replacement Hypothyroidism Treatment Homeopathy Allergy Treatment Education Preventive 10: Ten Lifestyle Strategies for Better Health Cold and Flu: Prevention and Natural Therapies Wiseman Health Articles &#038; Videos Insurance Contact Us Pay Your Bill New Patients Patient Portal Health Store Book Appointment Locations Welcome to Wiseman Family Practice! We offer both in-office and remote telemedicine new patient appointments. As a reminder, we see the whole family including children over 1 year of age, along with providing well child exams, well women exams, and general physical exams. Please fill out our New Patient Registration electronically below. Once we receive this information, our office will contact you to schedule your new patient appointment. Please check our Insurance page for more information on our accepted insurance plans . Our office receives a large number of new patient requests and depending on the number of requests, it may take up to 1-2 weeks for us to contact you to schedule your new patient appointment. We thank you for trusting us with your health care needs and we look forward to seeing you soon! New Patient Registration Copyright © 2026 Wiseman Family Practice | Privacy Policy | Notice of Privacy Practices Follow Us for Trusted Natural Health and Medical Information

---

## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com/functional-medicine/

Functional Medicine | Wiseman Family Practice Skip to content About Us About Us Our Philosophy Our Providers Patient Reviews Services Integrative Family Medicine Integrative Pediatrics Women’s Health Concierge Medicine Direct Primary Care Functional Medicine Acupuncture &#038; Herbal Medicine Health Products Store Supplement Therapy Mind &#038; Body Telemedicine Sauna Therapy Holistic Health Coaching Diet &#038; Nutrition Medical Weight Loss Midwifery Bioidentical Hormone Replacement Hypothyroidism Treatment Homeopathy Allergy Treatment Education Preventive 10: Ten Lifestyle Strategies for Better Health Cold and Flu: Prevention and Natural Therapies Wiseman Health Articles &#038; Videos Insurance Contact Us Pay Your Bill New Patients Patient Portal Health Store Book Appointment Locations Functional Medicine At Wiseman Family Practice we practice integrative medicine – medicine that combines the best of alternative and conventional medicine. To accomplish this, we practice a medical approach that is known as Functional Medicine. While other practices tend to focus solely on the disease and the symptoms of a patient, we focus on the patient’s whole being using Functional Medicine approaches. We center on a patient’s needs and try to develop a relationship to better understand a patient’s health history, symptoms, as well as the genetic, environmental, and lifestyle factors that can influence a patient’s health. This relationship between us and the patient better serves the patient’s long-term health as we can better determine unique and sustainable solutions. Patient-Centered Functional Medicine Approach This patient-centered approach considers the latest information from the scientific community. This includes information about genetics, the intersection between environment and lifestyle, and biology – all of which can impact how a patient’s health progresses. At Wiseman Family Practice, analyzing these intersections for each one of our patients allow us to develop a therapeutic partnership. This process empowers our patients to speak for themselves and helps their doctors determine the best solutions for their patients. Three Ways Wiseman Family Practice Approaches Functional Medicine Researching the latest medical news in regards to systems biology, genetics, and the intersection between lifestyle and environmental factors within a patient’s life that can influence how a disease progresses. Using a new system and clinical model to diagnose, assess, treat, and prevent disease. Instead of focusing only on symptoms, we focus on the patient, which allows us to treat the entire patient instead of just a set of symptoms. Allowing patients to pursue interest in their own health which creates a working partnership between us and our patients. This makes it easier to pursue and find personalized, unique medical care that can anticipate issues before they occur. Integrative Medicine and Austin Functional Medicine Integrative Medicine and Functional Medici

---

## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com/weight-loss/

Medical Weight Loss Clinic | Wiseman Family Practice Skip to content About Us About Us Our Philosophy Our Providers Patient Reviews Services Integrative Family Medicine Integrative Pediatrics Women’s Health Concierge Medicine Direct Primary Care Functional Medicine Acupuncture &#038; Herbal Medicine Health Products Store Supplement Therapy Mind &#038; Body Telemedicine Sauna Therapy Holistic Health Coaching Diet &#038; Nutrition Medical Weight Loss Midwifery Bioidentical Hormone Replacement Hypothyroidism Treatment Homeopathy Allergy Treatment Education Preventive 10: Ten Lifestyle Strategies for Better Health Cold and Flu: Prevention and Natural Therapies Wiseman Health Articles &#038; Videos Insurance Contact Us Pay Your Bill New Patients Patient Portal Health Store Book Appointment Locations Medical Weight Loss At Wiseman Family Practice, we understand the cornerstone of total health is maintaining one’s ideal body weight. It is estimated that 71% of the American population today is overweight or obese. This single “epidemic” has led to a dramatic increase in the incidence of hypertension, chronic fatigue, insomnia, strokes, diabetes, high cholesterol, depression, anxiety, heart disease, and countless other life threatening medical conditions. Additionally, current studies are showing the connection between being overweight and many types of cancer, and it is believed that this risk factor will soon overtake smoking as the primary controllable cause of cancer within the United States. Along with overall health, being overweight prevents one from functioning at the highest level and it is our goal not only to prevent and treat disease but to also assist you in feeling your best. We believe weight loss and proper weight maintenance is the foundation of this goal. Addressing Root Causes &amp; Symptoms At Wiseman Family Practice, we first try to get to the root of the weight problem both physically and psychologically, as weight gain can be the sign of a deeper medical issue that needs to be addressed and fixed. Some common causes of weight gain and/or inability to lose weight include hormonal imbalance, hypothyroidism, depression and other psychiatric disorders, sleep disorders, medication side effects, stress, anemia, and metabolic disorders to name a few. By addressing these causes it is possible to cure the weight problem entirely, which is always our primary goal. If we cannot find the cause, however, we believe it important to address the symptom of weight gain directly as we feel in many cases it is medically urgent in order to achieve optimal health. Diet &amp; Nutrition Here at Wiseman Family Practice we believe it is important to be at the forefront of diet and nutrition to fight and prevent disease. We believe that many pharmaceutical medications can be replaced with safer nutraceutical options. We also believe that the increasing amount of toxins in our food, water, and environment are the root cause of many of the disease processes we

---

## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com/hormone/

ERROR: HTTP Error 404: Not Found

---

## PAGE: https://wisemanfamilypractice.com/contact/

Thank You | Integrative Medicine &amp; Total Wellness | Wiseman Family Practice Skip to content About Us About Us Our Philosophy Our Providers Patient Reviews Services Integrative Family Medicine Integrative Pediatrics Women’s Health Concierge Medicine Direct Primary Care Functional Medicine Acupuncture &#038; Herbal Medicine Health Products Store Supplement Therapy Mind &#038; Body Telemedicine Sauna Therapy Holistic Health Coaching Diet &#038; Nutrition Medical Weight Loss Midwifery Bioidentical Hormone Replacement Hypothyroidism Treatment Homeopathy Allergy Treatment Education Preventive 10: Ten Lifestyle Strategies for Better Health Cold and Flu: Prevention and Natural Therapies Wiseman Health Articles &#038; Videos Insurance Contact Us Pay Your Bill New Patients Patient Portal Health Store Book Appointment Locations Thank You for Contacting Us Our team will be in touch soon! Copyright © 2026 Wiseman Family Practice | Privacy Policy | Notice of Privacy Practices Follow Us for Trusted Natural Health and Medical Information